.\" lxc-debconf(1) - LXC template to create Debian and Debian based containers
.\" Copyright (C) 2006-2011 Daniel Baumann <daniel.baumann@progress-technologies.net>
.\"
.\" lxc-debconf comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; for details see COPYING.
.\" This is free software, and you are welcome to redistribute it
.\" under certain conditions; see COPYING for details.
.\"
.\"
.TH LXC 1 2011\-12\-08 0.7.5-12 "Linux Containers"

.SH NAME
\fBlxc\-debconf\fR \- LXC template to create Debian and Debian based containers

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBlxc\-create\fR \-t debian \-n|\-\-name \fICONTAINER\fR \-\- [\-\-apt\-recommends] [\-\-debconf\-frontend \fIDEBCONF_FRONTEND\fR] [\-\-debconf\-priority \fIDEBCONF_PRIORITY\fR] [\-\-preseed\-file \fIPRESEED_FILE\fR]
.PP
\fBlxc\-create\fR \-t progress \-n|\-\-name \fICONTAINER\fR \-\- [\-\-apt\-recommends] [\-\-debconf\-frontend \fIDEBCONF_FRONTEND\fR] [\-\-debconf\-priority \fIDEBCONF_PRIORITY\fR] [\-\-preseed\-file \fIPRESEED_FILE\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
LXC(7) uses so called templates to create Linux Container systems. \fBlxc\-debconf\fR is such a template script to create Debian and Debian based containers.
.PP
\fBlxc\-debconf\fR can be invoked through lxc\-create(1) in three modes: debconf, debian, and progress. In debconf mode, it currently falls automatically back to debian mode. In debian mode, it will allow offer to choose to create Debian GNU/Linux containers. In progress mode, it will allow to choose to create Progress Linux containers.
.PP

.SH OPTIONS
\fBFIXME\fR

.SH EXAMPLES
\fBFIXME\fR

.SH FILES
\fBFIXME\fR

.SH SEE ALSO
\fIlxc\fR(7),
\fIlxc\fR(1),
\fIlxc\-halt\fR(1),
\fIlxc\-list\fR(1).

.SH BUGS
Bugs can be reported by submitting a bugreport for the lxc package in the Debian Bug Tracking System at <\fIhttp://bugs.debian.org/\fR> or by writing a mail to the author.

.SH AUTHOR
lxc\-debconf was written by Daniel Baumann <\fIdaniel.baumann@progress-technologies.net\fR>.
